Palette PDE commands (#1725)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/palette-cli/commands/pcg.md

---
sidebar_label: "PCG"
title: "PCG"
description: "Reference resource for the pcg command."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 30
tags: ["palette-cli"]
---

> The `pcg` subcommand supports Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) operations, such as installing a PCG cluster and validating its installation. A local [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster is created to facilitate creating the PCG cluster in the target environment. You do not need to install kind or any other dependencies, the CLI includes all the required dependencies to stand up the kind cluster.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pcg` command supports Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) operations, such as installing a PCG cluster and validating its installation. A local [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster is created to facilitate creating the PCG cluster in the target environment. You do not need to install kind or any other dependencies. The CLI includes all the required dependencies to set up the kind cluster.  
```
